Some Changes (#64)
awesome-jellyfin/awesome-jellyfin: README.md

- [Jellyfin-Newsletter-Plugin ` 🔸 ` `📅`](https://github.com/Cloud9Developer/Jellyfin-Newsletter-Plugin) - Newsletters for recently added media.
- [jellyfin-plugin-enigma2 `📅`](https://github.com/knackebrot/jellyfin-plugin-enigma2) - Supports Vu+ & Enigma2 live TV streamers.
- [jellyfin-plugin-ldapauth](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-plugin-ldapauth) - Allows the use of ldap as an auth provider.

> - [jellyfin-plugin-media-cleaner]() - Automatically removes played Media after time period.

Reviewer: This entry is missing the URL

Author: Fixed it, sry was kinda tired that day ,:D

> - [jellyfin-plugin-onepace](https://github.com/jwueller/jellyfin-plugin-onepace) - Plugin for the [One Pace](https://onepace.net) Projekt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [jellyfin-plugin-onepace](https://github.com/jwueller/jellyfin-plugin-onepace) - Plugin for the [One Pace](https://onepace.net) Project.
```

- [TitleCardMaker](https://github.com/CollinHeist/TitleCardMaker) - Automated title card maker for Plex, Jellyfin, and Emby.
- [wizarr](https://github.com/Wizarrrr/wizarr) - Advanced user invitation and management system.
- [ytdl-sub](https://github.com/jmbannon/ytdl-sub) - Automate downloading and metadata generation with YoutubeDL.

> - [ytdlp2STRM](https://github.com/fe80Grau/ytdlp2STRM) - streams YT, Twitch and more via ytdlp to Jellyfin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ytdlp2STRM](https://github.com/fe80Grau/ytdlp2STRM) - Streams YouTube, Twitch and more via yt-dlp to Jellyfin.
```
